fix(#19271): update Content-Disposition filename extension to .log (#19272)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/upgrading/2.12-2.13.md

The format of Jobs that are started from a CronJob on schedule (by Kubernetes) is not handled by Argo CD and remains unchanged.

## Change in Log File Extension for Downloaded Logs

> The default extension for log files generated by ArgoCD when using the "Download Logs" feature has been changed from `.txt` to `.log`. This change aligns with industry standards and improves compatibility with various log management tools and IDEs that offer enhanced features for `.log` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default extension for log files generated by Argo CD when using the "Download Logs" feature has been changed from `.txt` to `.log`. This change aligns with industry standards and improves compatibility with various log management tools and IDEs that offer enhanced features for `.log` files.
```
